Abby Heath: Welcome to the meeting everyone.
Alena Coomar: So what tasks do we need to assign?
Dong Yang: Let me take a look.
Dong Yang: We first need to find the transcript from the audio with the API.
Abby Heath: What else should we work on?
Abby Heath: Iris will make the UI.
Abby Heath: I will do it.
Chenyu Hu: We need to build the backend too.
Abby Heath: You can do that.
Abby Heath: Someone should also probably get started on the front end.
Abby Heath: So imagine the two of us are going to need to start a back end.
Chenyu Hu: In order yeah I think the from that part is pretty simple, we all need Bennett function for the problem.
Abby Heath: I don't know.
Abby Heath: How much of a front end we're.
Abby Heath: going to need because we're not really I don't think we were really planning on having like.
Abby Heath: I guess, we need something that you like press a button that says okay start.
Abby Heath: somewhere where you can give it your information, so we need a front end someone has to build a front end where.
Abby Heath: You can put in either like a zoo link if we can figure out how to work with like adding a zoom link or where you can paste in the meeting ID and then do all the work, but I feel like our front end is going to be pretty small.
Chenyu Hu: yeah.
Abby Heath: I will set up the table so that we know it is clean data.
Chenyu Hu: Oh, that's already done.
Chenyu Hu: I think, is the hardest one for the party.
Abby Heath: We need to eat the birthday cake.
Chenyu Hu: I can do that.
Abby Heath: yeah I think a good people do, which is good because I don't but i'm sure we'll figure it out okay.
yeah.